times were boarded and Ramsay makes eggs
or is a property called scrambled eggs
come on eggs all right you're making
them all I'm gonna make them okay okay
great three eggs crack them in don't put
any salt in there pan on get it nice and
hot all right I will get the mushrooms
and the tomatoes on all right
little bit quicker please call them
Tomatoes over here for eggs isn't Duke
one in each hand open I could but I'll
make a mess yeah come on what open open
right now whisk yes okay whisk whisk om
pan on a little knob of butter in there
I'll start the tomato I don't have a
knob of butter so should I put a knob of
butter in there right Jimmy open up into
it I'm sorry I'm putting effort into it
stop being lazy that's nice must be fun
to be married to you all right you put
the butter right in there that's right
that's interesting that's different
that's not that we do it okay
spatula yes eggs into the pan okay let's
go Jimmy please okay start whisking all
right so there's a knob stuck to my four
- all right
and you're whisking and keep singing all
the time right I said now if we can just
try yes and clean up as you go along
look let go let go okay Jimmy up you go
I give it a little whisk like that so
you have to move the pan and the splash
at the same time and be a little bit
multitasking now that your dad's in come
on
you know you keep taking the pan off the
fire isn't that what I supposed to do
here
no so but whisking okay but to me we're
actually always there but you have to
tense okay it's because you're yelling
at me I didn't know you this oh okay
right off the heat
okay the heat good pepper in okay I
don't know where they are I thought that
pepper all right okay I'm from there
from there yeah a little teaspoon of
creme fraiche okay down okay good
got it now sit back onto the stove okay
whisking okay back to the whiskey nice
interact to the moving okay little for
can have a taste Jimmy get close to your
food come on wakey-wakey and now with a
fork oh please not ready yet it's all I
know our taste of the seasoning all
right it tastes the raw egg yeah no
exactly bachelors flexible I like you
you gotta bend to get in ending on
bendings okay back off that's it okay
back it off
all right touch more of creme fraiche in
there okay what is finally fresh by the
French which is like a sour cream okay
poor Jimmy now from there
no no off the heat off the heat final
taste okay final taste all right still
taste like oh I hate oh no touch of salt
touch of pepper yeah we need a little
more pepper a little more salt
that's it back onto the heat okay and
then finally a small knob of butter all
right another now of you you're crazy
about the knobs aren't ya
come on zip this seriously right all
right more okay
okay now take it off the heat now okay
off the heat let me have a look please
okay
Timmy's tunnel rubbery what'd I do wrong
he's done I took it off the heat I'll be
gonna stir it quickly
I didn't start or not oh no honestly
wait what are you doing clean it should
be done in five minutes and have the
thing anymore if we go to risk it why
don't we make fried eggs I think it'll
be nicer what double bag is much sexier
Jimmy okay let's say honestly all right
all right all right I'm charting again
to do this again what are you doing
Jimmy what did you do like someone
vomited over there
in a mess and then we tell you something
hi I'm do I have to work in this studio
and now you've messed it all up and let
me tell you something mr. Bobcat
Goldthwait is not gonna be happy when he
comes out here and I don't even have the
spatula anymore this has been a real
helluva you know what this is what it's
like working with you
the hotel hell is the show it's called
it's on Mondays on Fox we'll be right
back with Bobcat Goldthwait hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel did you know there are things
other than pornography on the Internet
watch them on the Jimmy Kimmel Live
YouTube channel which much like your own
body I encourage you to explore